docs: migration guide for Argo CD operator to GitOps operator (#286)
redhat-developer/gitops-operator: docs/Migration_Guide.md

# Migrate from [Argo CD Community Operator](https://github.com/argoproj-labs/argocd-operator) to GitOps Operator

This document provides the required guidance and steps to follow to migrate from [Argo CD Community Operator](https://github.com/argoproj-labs/argocd-operator) to GitOps Operator.

> Please refer to the README file of the repository to understand the differences between [Argo CD Community Operator](https://github.com/argoproj-labs/argocd-operator) to GitOps Operator.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For understanding the differences between [Argo CD Community Operator](https://github.com/argoproj-labs/argocd-operator) to GitOps Operator, kindly refer to the section [here](https://github.com/redhat-developer/gitops-operator#gitops-operator-vs-argo-cd-community-operator).
```

Author: Ack, Thanks :)

> Please refer to the README file of the repository to understand the differences between [Argo CD Community Operator](https://github.com/argoproj-labs/argocd-operator) to GitOps Operator.

Author: Ack, Thanks :)

> **Note**: Installing GitOps operator will create a namespace with name `openshift-gitops` and an Argo CD instance in the same namespace. This Instance can be used for managing your OpenShift cluster configuration. It is enabled with Dex OpenShift connector by default which allows users to login with their OpenShift credentials.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Note**: Installing GitOps operator will create a namespace with the name `openshift-gitops` and an Argo CD instance in the same namespace. This instance can be used for managing your OpenShift cluster configuration. It is enabled with Dex OpenShift connector by default which allows users to log in with their OpenShift credentials.
```

Author: Ack, Thanks :)

> The  default Argo CD instance in the `openshift-gitops` namespace can be deleted by adding an environmental variable `DISABLE_DEFAULT_ARGOCD_INSTANCE` with value `true` in the Subscription resource.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The default Argo CD instance in the `openshift-gitops` namespace can be deleted by adding an environmental variable `DISABLE_DEFAULT_ARGOCD_INSTANCE` with the value `true` in the Subscription resource.
```

Author: Ack, Thanks :)

> Edit the Subscription and add the following

Author: Ack, Thanks :)

```yaml
spec:
  config:
    env:
      - name: DISABLE_DEFAULT_ARGOCD_INSTANCE
        value: 'true'
```

> Which GitOps Operator version should I migrate to ?

Reviewer: My quick suggestion is to make it bold or a subheading to separate it from the above section.

> Which GitOps Operator version should I migrate to ?

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
## Which GitOps Operator version should I migrate to ?
```

Author: Ack, Thanks :)

Please refer to the below table to understand the correct version of GitOps operator that you need to migrate from the community operator.

| GitOps Operator | Argo CD Operator | Default Argo CD Version |
| -------- | -------- | -------- |
| v1.5.z | v0.3.z | v2.3.z |
| v1.4.z | v0.2.z | v2.2.z |
| v1.3.z | v0.1.z | v2.1.z |

**Note**: If you are running <= `v0.16.0` version of Argo CD operator, Please upgrade to `v0.1.0` or above before you consider migrating to GitOps operator.

## Migration

> ### Uninstall Argo CD Operator

Reviewer 2: Maybe should note that `ArgoCD` instances won't get deleted when uninstalling the Operator

Author: Ack, Thanks :)

> -> Go to Operators -> Installed Operators -> Argo CD -> Actions -> Uninstall Operator

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- In the RedHat OpenShift platform, go to the `Operators` section (located on the left side of the toolbar).
- Go to the `Installed Operators` section, where one can view all the installed operators for the particular cluster.
- Select Argo CD, go to Actions (located on the top right corner), and finally select Uninstall Operator. 

```

Author: Ack, Thanks :)

![image alt text](assets/Uninstall_Community_operator.png)

### Install GitOps Operator

> -> Go to Operators -> OperatorHub -> Red Hat OpenShift GitOps -> Install

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- In the RedHat OpenShift platform, go to the `Operators` section (located on the left side of the toolbar).
- Go to the `OperatorHub` section, where one can discover and install operators for that cluster.
- Search for `Red Hat OpenShift GitOps`, select, and finally Install.
```

Author: Ack, Thanks :)

# Migrate from [Argo CD Community Operator](https://github.com/argoproj-labs/argocd-operator) to GitOps Operator

This document provides the required guidance and steps to follow to migrate from [Argo CD Community Operator](https://github.com/argoproj-labs/argocd-operator) to GitOps Operator.

For understanding the differences between [Argo CD Community Operator](https://github.com/argoproj-labs/argocd-operator) to GitOps Operator, kindly refer to the [README](https://github.com/redhat-developer/gitops-operator/blob/master/README.md#gitops-operator-vs-argo-cd-community-operator) file of the repository.

**Note**: Installing GitOps operator will create a namespace with the name `openshift-gitops` and an Argo CD instance in the same namespace. This instance can be used for managing your OpenShift cluster configuration. It is enabled with Dex OpenShift connector by default which allows users to log in with their OpenShift credentials.

The default Argo CD instance in the `openshift-gitops` namespace can be deleted by adding an environmental variable `DISABLE_DEFAULT_ARGOCD_INSTANCE` with the value `true` in the Subscription resource.

> 

Reviewer 3: We probably should state that existing Argo CD instances are preserved and left intact. It may not be apparent to everyone. 

Please mention that environment variables need to be copied to the new subscription.  We should also point the users to environment variables that are gitops operator only.
